Apologies...as this text is going to be little long but it contains my deepest feelings & What could be better day  
other than MahaShiv Ratri to express my genuine Feeling to you ... so please please please do read it completely 
with your beautiful smile.


Ever since I knew you, day by day I have liked you more & have fallen for you and believe me this feeling is very 
very special as you are the first and only girl of my life to whom I can call my princess... Your presence brightens my days, and you're always on my mind.
I know that things are 
little hard for you as you have your upcoming exams. I genuinely pray to God that you clear it and become what you dreamed for
and for that I want to be with you there in every step... 

The time we spend together,we meet are the  most beautiful memory to me, I still remember how cute you were looking.

I know ki main Thora Jyada emotional ho raha hoon but main kya karo...I have feelings for you...I started to care and love you 
wo v bahut jada.... My princess jab tumne mujhe bataya ki tum wapas jaa rhi ho to main bilkul udas ho gaya, thinking When will I meet you again... 

I really miss you princess.... I will never become the reason for your sadness or tear for that I promise...

Be my second mother and I will bring the whole world for you that will be in my possession...

I understand that telling things virtually seems superficial sometimes but believe me I wanted to say it in person looking
into your beautiful eyes. 
Either time didn't allow it or I didn't gather the courage to say it not because I am shy but rather I respect your modesty.....

I have heard “Falling in love is the most beautiful experience of life ” and I want to be that person who loves you the most .

I am thankful to god for letting u come in my life. I love my family most and I want you to be in that family. 
After my mom you are the only girl whom I love most and by Gods grace the next girl whom I will love is the 
one who will call you mom.

The only thing which I want between us is unconditional love and support for each other.I want a relationship which last forever.
I waited for someone special to come in my life & that’s you Sweety !!

    
In the end, I don't want anything from you, but rather, I simply wish to convey my feelings: I love you. 
I'm not seeking an immediate response, but I'll patiently await it for eternity...

I will love to hear that from you Sweety...







   background-color: rgb(111, 146, 82);